Introduction
We value the trust you place in us and recognize the importance of secure transactions and information privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how Dachier and its affiliates collect, use, share, protect or otherwise process your personal information through our website www.dachier.com. While you may be able to browse certain sections of the Platform without registering with us. By visiting this Platform, providing your information or availing any product/service offered on the Platform, you expressly agree to be bound by the terms & conditions of this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use and the applicable service/product terms & conditions. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Platform.

Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

Cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Platform to help analyse our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. Cookies do not contain any of your personal information. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline/delete our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Platform and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the Platform that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. We use cookies from third-party partners such as Google Analytics for marketing and analytical purposes. Google Analytics helps us understand how our customers use the site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

Links to Other Sites
Our Platform links to other websites that may collect personal information about you.

Dachier is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites.

Security Precautions
To protect your personal information from unauthorised access or disclosure, loss or misuse we adopt reasonable security practices and procedures. The transmission of information is not completely secure for reasons beyond our control. We adopt industry standard security measures and keep updating our systems from time to time to protect your personal information against any hacking or virus dissemination. However, by using the Platform, the users accept the security implications of data transmission over the internet and the World Wide Web which cannot always be guaranteed as completely secure, and therefore, there would always remain certain inherent risks

regarding use of the Platform. Users are responsible for ensuring the protection of login and password records for their account.

Queries
If you have a query, concern, or complaint in relation to collection or usage of your personal information under this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the contact information provided above.

Sharing
We may share your personal information with our Group entities, our other corporate entities, and affiliates to provide you access to the services and products offered by them. These entities and affiliates may market to you as a result of such sharing unless you explicitly opt-out. This disclosure may be required for us to provide you access to our services and products offered to you, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our user agreement, to facilitate our marketing and advertising activities, to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our services. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public.

Data Retention
We retain your personal information for a period no longer than is required for the purpose for which it was collected or as required under any applicable law. However, we may retain data related to you if there is a legal obligation to retain the data; if required to comply with any applicable statutory or regulatory retention requirement by law; if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse. We may continue to retain your data in anonymised form for analytical and research purposes.